Zhangye, today I ascend to the throne of the Dragon Emperor
It's all up to you to teach
This one rewards you for killing yourself
little dragon
You think you can beat me like this, don't you?
Why haven't I won yet?
Yuna, your Xuanming sword has been broken
You are already my underdog
10,108 gang all surrender
Who can stop me from ascending this supreme throne
Humph
Long before we came
I mobilized all my people
Hmm, Sun Xiaolong
I admit that you are strong now
But I combine the tiger king and the leopard king
Are you still afraid of you?
Hahahahahaha
Do you think I didn't think of you two trash?
Where is the spirit?
Have the people brought by these two wastes been solved?
As expected of the commander after the army
You are the first of the three kings after Slave 2
These two wastes are handed over to you.
After the army, the boss treats you well
You betrayed him too
How could you do this?
At first, you and your sister were brothers and sisters
And now you're killing him?
Hahahahaha
It is also the credit of the big brother.
What does it have to do with me?
Of course, it's because big brother, you are so attractive.
Be jealous later
That gave me a chance to break them one by one
But I'm also wondering what did you do, bro?
That's why the queen is so angry and wants to kill you
Don't want to say it
I don't really want to know either.
Okay, let's do it